hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you my very highly requested
what I got for my birthday 2019 before I
start this video I just want to put out
the disclaimer that everyone puts out at
the beginning of these kinds of videos
which is that I'm not trying to show off
in making this video at all
I make these videos because they are
very highly requested people ask to see
what I got for my birthday for my
birthday I actually had an exam on my
birthday so I was down in Exeter and
there my dad picked me up at about 12:30
and we drove all the way back home and
then my grandparents came around in the
evening and my mom made this really
delicious
orzo dish and I did rolled my birthday
and then on the Saturday I saw my friend
Natasha and then on a Sunday I got one
away birthday presents which was an
experience to go to the Ritz to go for
afternoon tea with my family and it was
just so amazing
such a lovely afternoon could I just say
the vegan options were incredible like
your new book ahead saying you're vegan
and the food was better than the
vegetarian food the options are just so
good the combers avocado and pathless
sandwiches artichoke and rocket
sandwiches they were just so so
delicious so I was so impressed with
that even though we didn't began to say
this because our waiter I think heard my
mom say to me Oh birthday girl why do
you want to say came out later with a
little cake which said happy birthday oh
no it's in this box and they played
happy birthday on the piano and then
everyone clapped and it was really
lovely yeah so that was a plenty and
that was my main present this year and I
had such a great time it was just
incredible I'm gonna show you one
present I bought myself this birthday
which was in preparation for afternoon
tea so I bought myself a dress two worth
afternoon tea it was this dress it's got
these are really nice and it's kind of
laced house which is very similar to
this like it crosses over into a sailor
like knot and this is from Miss patina
okay so now going on to actual presents
I received from my parents so one thing
that we did yesterday when we went for
afternoon tea we went into Miss hatty
and I was able to choose out a few
things from now which was really really
cool because I love miss patina it's
it's my favorite cleaning shop and the
things I chose were this stuff which as
I just pointed out is so so pretty I
love the tassel
I also these trousers and they've got
this London skyline and then the last
thing I chose this is safe so me to look
at
I've been looking at this for a really
long time it's this green blouse with
this elasticated collar and it's very
Victorian it's so so pretty so you know
Christmas you get a Christmas stocking
uh-huh I suggested my parents if we
start doing birthday baskets which is
kind of the equivalent of a Christmas
stocking it's just where you put like
the tiny again in my birthday basket I
got some hair accessories I got these
two headbands and then this velvet
scrunchie and I also got this beautiful
hair tie which has got this velvet
ribbon on this is from accessories then
I got this comics cherry comics lip balm
my momma choose me this it's just so so
cool so I've really looking for a sugar
pot and she only this one which says be
sweet on it and I got two things real
gorgeous I got these mini brush pens and
I also got this pack of sticky notes
which I love because I do love sticky
notes if you know me at all you'll know
that I love sticky notes candlesticks in
avocado green I also got this is
something I asked for actually I got a
Jade roller and I really really wanted a
product as my mom's got one and they're
just so relaxing if my parents get me
separate presents and my mom will get me
presents and then my dad will get me
presents even though technically it's
from both of them it's just that they
each do something different and from my
dad I got tickets to go and see Matilda
the musical with my sister which I am so
so excited about because Matilda is my
favorite musical I've seen it way too
many times but I haven't seen it now for
about four years I think and it's I'm
honestly so excited to go because every
single time I've seen it I am blown away
so then the next present that I got is
this not the iPad but the iPad case the
is the Apple one in pink sand and it's
just such a beautiful color I got
something from Peterson nursery it's so
so pretty all of the things are really
old-fashioned but very very expensive
and I really love the shop but I've
never bought anything from that but my
mom's only looking at this and it's her
room spray in masters lon
so it came in this box this actually
came with the Jade roller but I really
like it it's a headband oh and actually
on the topic of that there is one thing
which I know that I've got because my
mom told me but um it hasn't come yet
because it's coming from America so one
of my favorite YouTube channels is the
bucket list family and if you haven't
watched them ever performed
they're basically a full-time traveling
family they were full-time now they're
not anymore but they sell these
adventure bands in that kind of prayer
flag adventure bands and all of the
proceeds go to charity
I really have wanted one for a really
long time and my mom told me that she
has bought me the white adventure bands
but because it's coming from America it
hasn't arrived yet so then I also
received this pan this is a Lommy pan
and a lot of hands of my favorite
fountain pens and to go along with it
they got me two packets of ink
cartridges so these ones in washable
blue and then these ones in green so
then the next thing I got is this little
jewelry box and it's by Londo and I've
already kissed a little of my jewelry as
you can see it's all compartmentalized
then the next thing that I received is
this the most adorable tiny feather
quill and it's a whole court's official
one I received two pieces of makeup so I
received this nail varnish and I
received two of these eyebrow gal things
they're actually discontinuing them and
I didn't realize that so my mom decided
to buy me two of these so the next thing
that I got is a book I didn't actually
get that many books I tend to just buy
books on my Kindle or I buy them with my
own money now because it seems easier I
guess it is a shame because I love
receiving books but I did receive one
book which is a book that I'm really
excited about I really liked the
ten-minute photo challenges that Jordan
matter does and so this is kind of a
collection of photograph of dances and
the thing that's really cool about this
is it's celebrating the wonder of
childhood it kind of goes through all of
these really crucial stages in childhood
you look at them how cool are they and
the next thing I received was some tea I
received this all grey English fine tea
and my mum got me this tiny mini photo
album with just some of her favorite
photos I'm here now and this is really
thoughtful I love food to albums less
writing sad and my mum got me one of
kind of the same style of letter writing
set from Kiki K for my 16th birthday and
it's one of my favorite letter writing
sense that I own this one is kind of all
terminal because they're only leaves
here and then a ladybug at the top of
the paper and then okay this is one of
my favorite gift Alice in Wonderland
fine china teacup and saucer look at the
box it's so gorgeous this is the saucer
and it just says work Walmart here this
is the teacup it says curiouser and
curiouser with a little picture of Alice
these are the last few things I received
for my parent this set of three socks
then if you didn't know I actually
collect jelly cat rabbits I know it's a
really weird thing to collect I started
collecting them when I was about six and
I believe I've got around I want to say
like 15 of them now medium navy bashful
bunny then I received this other set of
socks and I you wore one of the pads
today then I got these pans from Kiki K
and they've got a nice crepes on them
and I received some more socks this time
from accessorized and then the last
thing that I received from my parents
this year is this beautiful Emma
Bridgewater mug now I'm gonna move on to
showing you what my sister bought for me
my sister did she taught me such a good
presence this year so the first thing
she got was this fascinator which she
would wear to the races or maybe a
wedding or something
I love fascinators so much I don't know
what it is about them they're just so
elegant and beautiful they when she went
to the races with some friends for a
friend's birthday a couple of years ago
she bought this and this jacket and I
really really liked them but because she
had to pay for them and she wouldn't
just give them to me
and she told me that she threw them away
and I was like no that's so annoying I
really liked them but then she surprised
me on my birthday and it actually wraps
wrapped them up I'm just gonna leave
this on because I never have an excuse
to wear it because we don't coach the
races so then she bought me this jumper
which she got from a vintage market or
fair this is really big oversized jumper
and it's a vintage Jaeger jumper I
didn't actually know who that designer
was but my parents were like whoa Martha
oh my gosh where did you find it it's
almost like a dress because it's quite
long but it's really nice to wear over
jeans or trousers because it is so long
so then can you believe it mother bought
me this bright yellow kenkon I've got
two hands already and I love them I wear
them all the time so I got the burgundy
and the Frost green she'll be a
beautiful sunshine yellow Cancun which I
am obsessed with it's such a beautiful
color and the last thing she got me is
like you literally my parents kept on
saying Ruby the thing in that box is
amazing you know you are just going to
be so excited when you see it and indeed
I was shocked no sir I was not expecting
this at all
Martha bought me a vintage typewriter
like an authentic vintage typewriter and
she intentionally bought it in this
mustard-yellow which is one of my
favorite colors all of them were black
and she was asking around and Camden
everywhere because she'd seen
typewriters and she really wants to see
at me this one and it's just such a
great present I want to sit tight right
as long as I can remember but I love the
aesthetic of them that is my favorite
present I received this year such a good
present now I'm gonna move on to showing
you what my grandparents got me this
year my grandparents bought me this
hamper from Fortnum amazin which is so
lovely and I really love bottom Mason I
really love how it's so old-fashioned in
its I mean it's very it's kind of it's
very luxurious I'm not too keen on you
know traditional designer brands but I
really love these authentic very
traditional old department stores I
really like them and Fortner Mason is my
favorite whenever I'm in Piccadilly I
always pop in
always just have look around cuz I
really like the atmosphere of the place
they've never had a handle before I mean
more than anything my favorite thing is
the hamper itself I'm gonna use this as
a picnic basket so inside there are two
teas
the Earl Grey classic and the Royal
bland then there is this Jam which is
strawberry and Fortnum's champagne
preserve then there are these champagne
truffles which I can't actually have the
kids I'm vegan but equally my mom really
likes champagne truffles so my mom can
have those and then the last thing is
this mini tiny bottle of champagne this
is the Ottoman Mason traditional
champagne I suppose I personally don't
really enjoy drinking but I do enjoy
having a toast on special occasion and
so I'm gonna save this bottle and yeah
save it for a special occasion so then
next for my auntie and uncle I got
something so cool so they brought me a
label-maker this is the P touch D 400
brother label maker and it's so so cool
and my dad actually surprised me and
brought me these label cuz that
cassettes and here is an example of one
of the labels I know already that I'm
gonna be labeling everything in our
house the last thing that I received is
this pen from my cousin's Alfie and
Allen so this is so cute
it's a Harry Potter pan and it's got the
sorting hat up here and then it's got
loads of different colors around here
and this is very thoughtful because they
obviously know that I like Harry Potter
that is everything that I received with
my birthday 2019
thank you so much for watching this
video and once again I'd like to point
out though I'm not trying to show off at
all in making this video I'm so so
grateful for all of the presents that I
received and I feel so incredibly
blessed and lucky to have had such a
wonderful birthday weekend to be
surrounded by such amazing people who
truly do know me considering how much I
love all of these gifts and the thought
that went into them so thank you so much
again for watching this video I hope
that you enjoyed and I hope that you
have a product